 Roasted Shrimp Enchiladas with Jalapeno Cream Sauce 
cheesi,shrimp,enchilada,smother,rich,jalapeno,cream,sauc
 Mexican 
pound,medium,shrimp,peel,devein,tablespoon,oliv,oil,divid,kosher,salt,fresh,ground,black,pepper,tast,clove,garlic,minc,onion,dice,cup,shred,green,cabbag,carrot,peel,grate,cup,babi,spinach,tablespoon,chipotl,pepper,adobo,sauc,teaspoon,dri,oregano,teaspoon,cayenn,pepper,inch,corn,tortilla,warm,cup,shred,monterey,jack,chees,jalapeno,cream,sauc,tablespoon,unsalt,butter,tablespoon,purpos,flour,cup,chicken,broth,cup,sour,cream,jalapeno,seed,minc,teaspoon,garlic,powder,kosher,salt,fresh,ground,black,pepper,tast,cup,chop,fresh,cilantro,leav
 1 : Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 2 : Place shrimp onto the prepared baking sheet. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and gently toss to combine. Place into oven and roast just until pink, firm and cooked through, about 6-8 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool before dicing into bite-size pieces. 3 : Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9×13 baking dish or coat with nonstick spray. 4 : Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet. Add garlic and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions become translucent, about 5 minutes. Add cabbage, carrot, spinach, chipotle pepper, oregano and cayenne. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the spinach just begins to wilt, about 1-2 minutes. Add shrimp and gently toss to combine. 5 : To make the sauce, melt butter in a large saucepan. Whisk in flour until lightly browned, about 1-2 minutes. Gradually whisk in chicken stock and cook, whisking constantly, until incorporated, about 1-2 minutes. Stir in sour cream. Add jalapenos and garlic powder and simmer until the sauce has thickened, about 2 minutes, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. 6 : To assemble the enchiladas, lay tortilla on a flat surface and spoon 1/3 cup of the shrimp mixture in the center, sprinkle with cheese. Roll the tortilla and place seam side down onto prepared baking dish. Repeat with remaining tortillas and shrimp mixture. 7 : Pour half of the jalapeno cream sauce evenly over the top. Place into oven and bake, covered, until lightly golden and bubbly, about 20 minutes. 8 : Serve immediately with remaining jalapeno cream sauce, garnished with cilantro. 
 50min 
 https://s23209.pcdn.co/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/IMG_2270-copy.jpg

